I see how many of you dare to stop me
Hahaha boy, you really don't know the sky and the earth
court death
Boy, finish this glass of wine for me
Lao Tzu spare your life
kid
Are you crazy?
The three of us have one finger each
Kill you in minutes
Three major families
It's rubbish in my eyes
Hahaha good boy
My wife is not looking for anyone now, don't fucking run away
Since you are looking for trouble
Then don't blame me
In three minutes.
Around the Zhao family
Wu family Zhou family
All bankrupt
Ha ha.
Ha just him
Boy, you don't even make drafts when you brag.
Someone who can bankrupt three of our families at the same time
It's not even born yet
Show me these two people
No one is allowed to leave this room for half a step
Do you hear me?
Yes, I'm sitting here today.
Looking at you